Snowflake documentation updates (#593)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/data-warehouse-integrations/snowflake.mdx

    <ul>
      <li><strong>Staging S3 Storage Bucket Name</strong>: Specify the name of your S3 bucket where RudderStack will store the data before loading it into Snowflake.</li>
      <li><strong>Prefix</strong>: If specified, RudderStack will create a folder in the bucket with this prefix and push all the data within that folder.</li>

>       <li><strong>Storage Integration</strong>: Refer to the <a href="#configuring-cloud-storage-integration-with-snowflake">Configuring cloud storage integration with Snowflake</a> section for details.</li>

Reviewer: I believe the same should be amended for 'Storage Integration' setting in Azure and GCP section

Author: yep - done!

All the outbound traffic is routed through these RudderStack IPs.
</div>

## FAQ

### While configuring the Snowflake destination, what should I enter in the Account field?

> While configuring Snowflake as a destination in RudderStack, you need to enter your <Link to="/data-warehouse-integrations/snowflake/#connection-settings">Snowflake connection credentials</Link> which includes the **Account** field, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While configuring Snowflake as a destination in RudderStack, you need to enter your <Link to="/data-warehouse-integrations/snowflake/#connection-settings">Snowflake connection credentials</Link> which include the **Account** field, as shown below:
```

> <img src="../assets/dw-integrations/snowflake-account-id-example.png" alt="Snowflake account ID example" />

Reviewer: cant see the image in preview

The **Account** field corresponds to the account ID of your Snowflake warehouse and is a part of the Snowflake URL.

The following examples illustrate the slight differences in the Snowflake account ID for various cloud providers:

| Account ID example            | Corresponding Snowflake URL                                                    | Snowflake cloud provider                                        |
| :-------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `qya56091.us-east-1`<br /><br />  `qya56091.us-east-2.aws`        | `https://`**`qya56091.us-east-1`**`.snowflakecomputing.com`  <br /><br />  `https://`**`qya56091.us-east-2.aws`**`.snowflakecomputing.com`   | AWS                                   |
| `rx18795.east-us-2.azure` | `https://`**`rx18795.east-us-2.azure`**`.snowflakecomputing.com` | Microsoft Azure  |
| `ah76025.us-central1.gcp` | `https://`**`ah76025.us-central1.gcp`**`.snowflakecomputing.com` | Google Cloud Platform                          |

<div class="warningBlock">

> In case of AWS, <code class="inline-code">.aws</code> is present in the account locator of some region accounts and hence must be included in the <strong>Account</strong> field above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of AWS, <code class="inline-code">.aws</code> is present in the account locator of some region's accounts and must be included in the <strong>Account</strong> field above. 
```
